Welcome to our birthday party in Lijiang
I have an announcement to make.
100% of our shares in Ning's Group
You Ning Yunyan inherited
As far as I know
The Ning family is still with their daughter, Jia Ning Nuannuan
He should have a share of the family property, right?
Ning Nuannuan, it was you, the ugly woman
To tell you the truth
6 years ago
You Nuannuan, that wild girl was slept by a wild man
You've got the wild ones.
He has long been kicked out of the house by my Ning family, that's right
Such a lowly woman
She doesn't deserve to be our daughter
Is that so he finally
How could he die in the basement of the Ning family?
How should I know?
As far as I know
Ning's basement
Only your family can come and go freely
You dislike him so much
Why did he go back specifically?